 Alice, a young girl, sits bored by a riverbank and spots a White Rabbit with a pocket watch and waistcoat lamenting that he is late. 
Surprised, Alice follows him down a rabbit hole, which sends her into a lengthy plummet but to a safe landing. 
Inside a room with a table, she finds a key to a tiny door, beyond which is a garden. 
While pondering how to fit through the door, she discovers a bottle labelled "Drink me". 
Alice drinks some of the bottle's contents, and to her astonishment, she shrinks small enough to enter the door. 
However, she had left the key upon the table and cannot reach it. 
Alice then discovers and eats a cake labelled "Eat me", which causes her to grow to a tremendous size. 
Unhappy, Alice bursts into tears, and the passing White Rabbit flees in a panic, dropping a fan and two gloves. 
Alice uses the fan for herself, which causes her to shrink once more and leaves her swimming in a pool of her own tears. 
Within the pool, Alice meets various animals and birds, who convene on a bank and engage in a "Caucus Race" to dry themselves. 
Following the end of the race, Alice inadvertently frightens the animals away by discussing her cat. 
  The White Rabbit appears looking for the gloves and fan. 
Mistaking Alice for his maidservant, he orders her to go into his house and retrieve them. 
Alice finds another bottle and drinks from it, which causes her to grow to such an extent that she gets stuck in the house. 
Attempting to extract her, The White Rabbit and his neighbors eventually take to hurling pebbles that turn into small cakes. 
Alice eats one and shrinks herself, allowing her to flee into the forest. 
She meets a Caterpillar seated on a mushroom and smoking a hookah. 
During the Caterpillar's questioning, Alice begins to admit to her current identity crisis, compounded by her inability to remember a poem. 
Before crawling away, the Caterpillar says that a bite of one side of the mushroom will make her larger, 
while a bite from the other side will make her smaller. During a period of trial and error, 
Alice's neck extends between the treetops, frightening a pigeon who mistakes her for a serpent. 
After shrinking to an appropriate height, Alice arrives at the home of a Duchess, who owns a perpetually grinning Cheshire Cat. 
The Duchess's baby, whom she hands to Alice, transforms into a piglet, which Alice releases into the woods. 
The Cheshire Cat appears to Alice and directs her toward the Hatter and March Hare before disappearing, leaving his grin behind. 
Alice finds the Hatter, March Hare, and a sleepy Dormouse in the midst of a tea party. 
The Hatter explains that it is always 6 pm (tea time), claiming that time is standing still as punishment for the Hatter trying to "kill it". 
A conversation ensues around the table, and the riddle "Why is a raven like a writing desk?" is brought up. 
Alice impatiently decides to leave, calling the party stupid.
 